Add documentation for the <void/> marker (#65)
WoltLab/woltlab.github.io: pages/package/package_package-xml.md

```xml
<instruction type="file" run="standalone" />
```

#### `<void/>`

> Sometimes a package update should only adjust the metadata of the package (e.g. because a new optional package was added).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes a package update should only adjust the metadata of the package, for example, an optional package was added.
```

> However WoltLab Suite Core requires that the list of `<instructions>` is non-empty.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
However, WoltLab Suite Core requires that the list of `<instructions>` is non-empty.
```

> Instead of using a dummy `<instruction>` that idempotently updates some PIP the `<void/>` marker can be used for this use-case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Instead of using a dummy `<instruction>` that idempotently updates some PIP, the `<void/>` tag can be used for this use-case.
```

> Using the `<void/>` marker is only valid for `<instructions type="update">` and must not be accompanied by other `<instruction>` tags.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the `<void/>` tag is only valid for `<instructions type="update">` and must not be accompanied by other `<instruction>` tags.
```
